* #173: Change GitHub uploading assets to an optional step. (#180)
exasol/release-droid: doc/changes/changes_0.7.0.md

# Exasol Release Droid 0.7.0, released 2021-??-??

Code name: 

## Summary

> Uploading assets for a GitHub release now an optional step an only work if your repository has a workflow file `release_droid_upload_github_release_assets.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploading assets for a GitHub release now an optional step and only works if your repository has a workflow file `release_droid_upload_github_release_assets.yml`.
```
